Cut words in design thinking and updated empathy map grammer issues (#80)
zacaz90/Tutorial10_Group-1: Report.md

Design Thinking Approach
========================
## **Approach - Design Thinking**

> Design thinking is a non-linear, iterative process which seeks the understanding of users to redefine problems and create innovative solutions to prototype and test. This customer-centric approach was undertaken to address the improvements requested by the Major Travel Company for their Call Management Centre (CMC). The design thinking approach consists of five phases, (1) empathize, (2) define, (3) ideate, (4) prototype and (5) test. 

Reviewer: Just to save words
```suggestion
Design thinking is a non-linear, iterative process which seeks the understanding of users to redefine problems and create innovative solutions to prototype and test. This customer-centric approach was undertaken to address the improvements requested by the Major Travel Company for their Call Management Centre (CMC). The design thinking approach consists of the following five phases:
```

### Empathise

> Phase one consisted of empathising with stakeholders. Empathy is a crucial step in achieving a human-centred design process and was utilised to gain insight into users and their needs without imposing bias. When we create solutions, we get better solutions when we think of those who will be affected. To document these perspectives, empathy maps were utilised to visualise and share our understanding of stakeholders needs and aid future decision making. Phase one allowed us to gain a deeper understanding of the perspective of the users involved and how to shape our solution.

Reviewer 2: "When we create solutions, we get better solutions when we think of those who will be affected."
Just wondering if we need this sentence. It's definitely true but maybe already assumed

Author: Yea I was thinking about getting rid of that part - I'll take it out if we need the words :) was thinking of revisiting this later as well just to scrape some more words where I can

### Define

> Phase two, define consisted of synthesising the knowledge obtained in the empathise stage and defining core problems to solve. Here the problem statements were directly derived from creating point of view (POV) statements for all the stakeholders identified. This stage allowed us as a team to consolidate assumptions and agree on features to be developed to solve the problem given.

Reviewer: Shortening...
```suggestion
Phase two consisted of synthesising the knowledge obtained in the empathise stage and defining core problems to solve. Here the problem statements were directly derived from creating point of view (POV) statements for all the stakeholders identified. This stage allowed us as a team to consolidate assumptions and agree on features to be developed to solve the problem given.
```

### Ideate

> Phase three consisted of utilising user research obtained to ideate solutions to the problem statements we created in the prior stage. Brainstorming and 'worst possible idea' techniques were utilised to assist this stage. These techniques were chosen to initiate freeform group discussions and stimulate creative solutions. Ideate sessions consisted of developing “how might we? (HMW)” statements and deriving features relative to the point of view statements developed in the define stage. At the conclusion of this stage, the agreed-upon features were documented and converted to issues in git  to be developed for the prototype and testing stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phase three consisted of utilising user research obtained to ideate solutions to the problem statements created in the prior stage. Brainstorming and 'worst possible idea' techniques were utilised. These techniques helped initiate free-form group discussions and stimulate creative solutions. Ideate sessions consisted of developing “how might we?" (HMW) statements and deriving features relative to the point of view statements developed. At the conclusion of this stage, the agreed-upon features were documented and converted to issues in GitHub to be developed for the prototype and testing stage.
```
